These losses cannot be separated from the intrinsic properties of the light.~However, for developing
a trustworthy method to detect quantum light, it is necessary to know the ideal outcome of every
experiment.Therefore, it is useful to have a light source where you can control the coherence
properties deterministically and which is not affected by temporal coherence loss, to test the setup
and the fitting routines.
Natural thermal light sources like Mercury arc lamps are accessible to the experimenter, but have
very short coherence times.~That is, they suffer from visibility reducing factors and are not
controllable in terms of $\hat{Q}_0$ and $\tau_c$.~One possibility to realize a deterministic light
source is using \ac{RPM}.A rotating \ac{GGD} is illuminated by a laser
\cite{huang_measuring_2016}.~The granular surface of the disc provides a large number of scattering
centers hit by the photons of the beam and many single independent waves with independent phases are
generated, lowering the coherence \cite{asakura_spatial_1970}.~The superposition of these waves
leads to a spatially varying intensity distribution (with mean $\bar{n}$ and standard deviation
$\sigma_n$), called a speckle pattern.Each speckle represents a coherence cell, where photons of the
same speckle are spatially coherent to each other, while photons from different speckles are
uncorrelated.\\
First, we look at the spatial coherence properties of a rotating \ac{GGD}.Using the Van
Cittert--Zernike theorem, we determine the coherence radius $\rho_c\approx 1.22 \lambda_0 z/a$,
analogue to \cref{sec:spatial_coherence}.The size of the speckles is determined by the size of the
laser beam diameter $a$ on the disc, the center wavelength $\lambda_0$, and detection distance
$z$.We observe bright and dark areas in the speckle pattern which can be modeled by a random walk
\cite{goodman_fundamental_1976} for the electric field through the \ac{GGD} in
\cref{fig:GGD_schematics}.The corresponding spatial intensity distribution is described by the
Boltzmann statistic.~By rotating the disc, speckles from this intensity distribution (so-called
thermal light) are called fully developed \cite{halpaap_experimental_2020} and we measure
$g^{(2)}=2$.\\
Nevertheless, the speckle pattern depends on angle-, polarization- and wavelength diversity of the
laser \cite{goodman_fundamental_1976}.~These factors can reduce the measured $g^{(2)}(0)$.
In \cref{fig:GGD_schematics} angular diversity occurs, if the incident angular distribution of the
focused beam on the \ac{GGD} does not match the angular distribution towards the collimation lens,
as it is the case for a partial collimated beam, entering the first lens.The reduction is related to
the angular ratios.
Polarization diversity occurs, since a polarized laser beam incident on a depolarizing surface will
experience depolarization due to multiple scattering.The resulting speckle pattern is composed of
two equally polarized, orthogonal polarization states, leading to a reduction of the visibility
$\nu_\mathrm{pol}$.
Wavelength diversity can be understood by the rough surface effect of the \ac{GGD}.The speckle
pattern of different wavelengths inside the beam is uncorrelated, if the average relative
phase-shift created by the surface is $\geq2\pi$ \cite{goodman_fundamental_1976}.~Using the average
surface profile height variation $\sigma_z$, the required wavelength difference is

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:GGD_surface}
\delta\lambda=\dfrac{\lambda_0^2}{2\sigma_z}.
\end{equation}

If the used \ac{CW} laser has a spectral width $\Delta \lambda$, the visibility reduction is
$\propto\Delta\lambda/\delta\lambda$.When choosing the grit of the diffuser, one has to maintain
$\delta\lambda\gg\Delta\lambda$ to fully thermalize the light source.Common \acs{GGD}s have grit
sizes ranging from 120--1500\,grit resulting in $\sigma_z=$ \SIrange{133}{13}{\um}, respectively.For
our TiSa \ac{CW} excitation with $\lambda_0=\SI{753.46}{\nm}$ and a 1500 grit, we get
$\delta\lambda\approx \SI{22}{\nm}$.