Thus, the count rate of the detection channels can be accurately controlled.For each count rate the
zero-peak of $g^{(2)}(\tau)$ is shown in \cref{fig:IRF_power_hist} and fitted with a Lorentz and
Gauss model.A Gaussian fit does not account for the tail towards the right end of the spectrum,
especially for higher powers.In contrast a Lorentz fit agrees quite well.Such a tail in a
Si-\ac{SPCM}, also observed by \textit{Puill et al.} \cite{nemallapudi_single_2016} and
\textit{Acerbi et al.} \cite{acerbi_characterization_2014}, can be a result of delayed signals
generated by photons that get converted deeper in the semiconductor junction.As photon absorption
takes place with an exponential probability, the number of delayed conversions will also go down
exponentially \cite{brunner_comprehensive_2016}.

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:GaussMod2}
f(a,\, \tau_0,\, \sigma,\, \tau_\mathrm{exp})=\dfrac{a}{2\sqrt{2}\sigma}e^{-\Big[
\dfrac{1}{2}\begin{pmatrix}
1 \\
1 \\
\end{pmatrix}

\hspace{-3pt}

\begin{pmatrix}
\,\,\,\,\, z_{-}\\
-z_{+}\\
\end{pmatrix}\Big]^2}\hspace{-3pt}\Big[


\begin{pmatrix}
1\\
1\\
\end{pmatrix}

\hspace{-5pt}

\begin{pmatrix}
z_{-}\\
z_{+}\\
\end{pmatrix}\Big]\Big[


\begin{pmatrix}
e^{z^2_{-}}\\
e^{z^2_{+}}\\
\end{pmatrix}

\hspace{-5pt}

\begin{pmatrix}
\mathrm{erfc}(z_{-})\\
\mathrm{erfc}(z_{+})\\
\end{pmatrix}\Big],

\end{equation}

with

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:GaussMod2zeta}
z_{\pm}=\dfrac{1}{\sqrt{2}}\Big(\dfrac{\sigma}{\tau_\mathrm{exp}}\pm\dfrac{\tau-\tau_0}{\sigma}\Big).
\end{equation}

In view of this logic, we fitted the histogram with \cref{eq:GaussMod2}, the convolution of the
Gaussian and the exponential probability distributions.Here we used amplitude a, the Gaussian jitter
$\sigma$ and the exponential relaxation time $\tau_\mathrm{exp}$.Such a function, called
exponentially modified Gaussian function (GaussMod), can be constructed to account for the
exponential probability process in emission (as we used it for life time fitting
cf.\cref{sec:lifetime}), denoted by index "1", or as given in \cref{eq:GaussMod2}, to account for an
exponential probability process in emission and absorption in a junction, denoted by index "2".
We want to verify if the mechanism of photons getting converted deeper in the junction is present in
our data.Therefore, in \cref{fig:IRF_power_jitter_models} we fixed the Gaussian jitter $\sigma$ (red
triangle) to the value \SI{250}{\ps}, extracted from low average count rates, since the power
dependency is expected to appear minor effect there.Afterwards, we were looking for reliable fits by
only fitting the $\tau_\mathrm{ex}$ parameter (orange triangles) concerning the right tail of the
pulses for various average count rates.We find reliable fits to the data.The extracted
$\tau_\mathrm{ex}$ parameter shows the same decay trend as the Lorentz fit (blue dots) for high
count rates, where conversion deep in the junction is expected.~In contrast, for the low counting
regime $\sigma_\mathrm{sys}$ coincides with the Lorentz fit, where conversion deep in the junction
is unlikely.The broadening mechanism is thus conclusive from the data.The broadening mechanism is
also conclusive from another perspective, since we use a Si-\ac{SPCM} with deep depletion, which
uses the mechanism of enhanced deep photon conversion to increase the quantum efficiency in the
NIR.\\
Furthermore, we see that the Gaussian exponential fit in the low count regime yields a large error
and a larger inaccuracy when the broadening parameters become similar.To avoid the inaccuracy and
simplify the fit, we check if $\sigma_\mathrm{sys}$ from the Lorentz fit can be applied.For this we
compare $\sigma_\mathrm{sys}$ with the $\sigma_\mathrm{sys}$ result from error propagation (black
triangles), using the individual GaussMod$_2$ jitter components.The data indicate acceptable
agreement.For low count rates, $\sigma_\mathrm{sys}$ from the Lorentz fit also reveals low
variability and agreement with the \ac{HWHM} values from the raw data sets.\\
To further increase the \ac{SNR} and reliability of our fit we extend the fit from the zero-peak to
the whole pulsed histogram in the fitting routine.