Analogue to the coherence time, we tested for a linear relationship of $1/\tau_0$ to
$k_\mathrm{rot}$ in \cref{fig:GGD_shift}.We observe a linear relationship (red fit line), with the
same absolute slope and offset, but an opposite sign.

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:GGD_shift}
\dfrac{1}{\tau_0}=	\dfrac{1}{\tau_c^{(1)}}-m k_\mathrm{rot}
\end{equation}

We discussed, such a shift is often related to a spatial delay in one interferometric path or
electrical signal routing.Nonetheless, a shift in the \si{\us}-range implies a path length
difference along the signal routing $z$, within several hundred meters, which is obviously not the
case.
Nevertheless, \ac{RPM} is sensitive to spatial misalignment in the xy-direction, as it is pointed
out in the model of \cref{fig:GGD_xy}.If detectors D1 and D2 are not centered relative to the
\ac{BS}, but shifted, e.g., by $\Delta x$, then it takes a time $\tau_0$ for a speckle visible to
D1, to be also visible to D2.Further, $\tau_0$ increases the slower the rotation of the \ac{GGD}.In
consequence, the second-order correlation will shift relative to time zero.We use this finding to
determine the misalignment $\Delta x$.Without linewidth broadening of the laser and using
\cref{eq:GGD_shift} $k_\mathrm{rot}\tau_0=\textrm{const}$.The misalignment $\Delta x$ is given by
the time $\tau_0$ and the velocity $2r\pi k_\mathrm{rot}$of the \ac{GGD}.

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:shift}
\Delta x=v_\mathrm{rot}\tau_0=2r\pi k_\mathrm{rot}\tau_0\underbracket{\rightarrow}_\textrm{with $\tau_c^{(1)}$}\Delta x=2r\pi \dfrac{1}{\frac{1}{\tau_c^{(1)}k_\mathrm{rot}}-m}
\end{equation}

With linewidth broadening of the laser we replace $k_\mathrm{rot}\cdot\tau_0$ accordingly.We
illustrate the results in \cref{fig:GGD_disp} for the uncorrected (black triangles) and corrected
case (blue triangles), where we estimate $\Delta x\approx\SI{3}{\um}$.\\
Summarizing, we implemented \ac{RPM} to deterministically control the coherence properties of a
\ac{PTLS} and verified our fitting routines.Furthermore we checked the alignment and determined the
coherence time of the \ac{CW} laser which is impossible either from linewidth or temporal $g^{(2)}$
measurement.


\subsection{Validation of the Re-convolution Routine Using SWCNT and \texorpdfstring{WSe\textsubscript{2}}{WS2} data}\label{sec:g2_cw_SWCNT}
The measured correlation data in the following paragraphs originates from \textit{Luo et al.}
\cite{luo_deterministic_2018} and \textit{Khasminskaya et al.} \cite{khasminskaya_fully_2016}, who
performed experiments on WSe\textsubscript{2} and carbon nanotubes, respectively.The evaluation was
performed with the algorithms from this manuscript as a proof of their functionality on quantum
light data.\Cref{fig:g2_Luo} communicates data from Luo et al.with a mono-exponential fit.
From the data in \cref{fig:g2_Luo} \textit{Luo et al.} extracted the value $g^{(2)}(0)$ = \num{0.3}
\cite{luo_deterministic_2018}.On the contrary, after reconvolution fitting of the data with
\cref{eq:ConvImp} and the jitter of the measurement \SI{312}{\ps}, a value of $g^{(2)}_{1}(0)$ =
\num{0.23\pm0.02} with a coherence time $\tau_{c,\,1}$ = \SI{4.27\pm0.37}{\ns} was found, for the
antibunching signal.\textit{Luo et al.} found a value of $g^{(2)}_{1}(0)$ = \num{0.16\pm0.03} with a
coherence time $\tau_{c,\,1}$ = \SI{3.8\pm0.2}{\ns} for the antibunching signal
\cite{luo_deterministic_2018}.The fit results from \textit{Luo et al.} almost agrees with our fits
within the margin of error.The remaining deviations may be caused by uncertainties during the
re-digitization process of the literature data.\\
\Cref{fig:g2_Khasminskaya} communicates data from \textit{Khasminskaya et al.} with a bi-exponential
fit, where they extracted the value $g^{(2)}(0)$ = \num{0.52} (\cite{khasminskaya_fully_2016}
Fig.~3b).On the contrary, after reconvolution fitting of the data with \cref{eq:ConvImpBlink} and
the jitter of the measurement \SI{30}{\ps}, we found values of $g^{(2)}_{1}(0)$ = \num{0.33\pm0.01}
with a coherence time $\tau_{c,\,1}$ = \SI{0.04\pm0.028}{\ns} for the antibunching signal, and for
the bunching signal we found $g^{(2)}_{2}(0)$ = \num{1.12\pm0.01} with a coherence time
$\tau_{c,\,2}$ = \SI{1.28\pm0.47}{\ns}.