\Cref{eq:GGD_krotsimple} is a good approximation for high rotating frequencies, where the scattering
broadening is much larger than the laser linewidth \cite{huang_measuring_2016}.
We test the relationship of the inverse coherence time to $k_\mathrm{rot}$ in \cref{fig:krotfit}.We
observe a linear relationship (red fit line) with the slope $m_\mathrm{exp}$ =
\SI{80620\pm2831}{}.~From a theoretical investigation of \cref{eq:GGD_krotsimple} we get
$m_\mathrm{theo}$ = \SI{83289\pm17280}{}, matching $m_\mathrm{exp}$ within the error and supporting
the linear relationship.We used $r=\SI{45.1\pm2.5}{\mm}$ and $\Delta
k_\mathrm{rot}\approx\SI{10}{\Hz}$, the error of the frequency control.We calculated
$d=\SI{3.84\pm0.77}{\um}$ by using the lens equation $d=4\lambda_0 f/(\pi D)$, with the beam
diameter before the focusing lens $D$ = \SI{2.50\pm0.50}{\mm} and focal length $f$ =
\SI{10}{\mm}.The errors of the derived quantities result from Gaussian error propagation.Moreover,
we also observed an offset in the fit data.~In \cref{fig:GGD_krot_tauc_fit}, we plot
$\tau_\mathrm{c,\, exp}^{(2)} k_\mathrm{rot}$ vs.$k_\mathrm{rot}$, which in theory is constant
(black points).~Even so, our experimental data (red points) deviate from a constant for low rotating
frequencies.For a finite linewidth of the \ac{CW} laser (cf.inset \cref{fig:GGD_krot_tauc_fit}), the
convolution of the incident light and the broadening of the rotating \ac{GGD} should be
considered.~The coherence time of the \Ac{PTLS} including the incident laser linewidth then reads:

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:GGD_krotadvanced}
\dfrac{1}{\tau_c^{(2)}}=-\dfrac{1}{\tau_c^{(1)}}+m\cdot k_\mathrm{rot},
\end{equation}

where $\tau_c^{(1)}$ is the first order coherence time of the laser\footnote{For a coherent source
such as a laser, the coherence time is not directly accessible via second-order correlation, nor via
a spectrometer.}.We extract $\tau_c^{(1)}=\SI{0.3620\pm0.0063}{\us}$ from the offset in
\cref{fig:krotfit}.Following, $\tau_\mathrm{c,\, exp}^{(2)} k_\mathrm{rot}$ is no longer constant,
but depends on the rotating rate $k_\mathrm{rot}$.

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:krot_tauc_fit}
\tau_c^{(2)} k_\mathrm{rot}=\dfrac{1}{-\frac{1}{\tau_c^{(1)}k_\mathrm{rot}}+m}
\end{equation}

This equation implies, the finite linewidth correction becomes pronounced for a low rotating
frequency, where the scattering broadening $m\cdot k_\mathrm{rot}$ is in the order of the inverse
coherence time of the laser.The negative sign in \cref{eq:GGD_krotadvanced} suggests, the laser's
coherence must be overcome to realize the thermal light source.In contrast, $\tau_c^{(2)}\cdot
k_\mathrm{rot}$ remains constant for high rotation rates, with $k_\mathrm{rot}\gg
1/\tau_c^{(1)}$.\Cref{fig:GGD_krot_tauc_fit} also highlights the discussed result of laser linewidth
correction to the model (blue data points), which is in good agreement with the experimental
values.\\
Considering signal strength as defined in \cref{eq:SignalstrengthLorentz} as blue shaded areas under
the curves in \cref{fig:GGD_curves}, we obtain $g^{(2)}(0)\tau_c^{(2)}$.This result implies
$g^{(2)}(0)=\mathrm{const}$ for a \ac{PTLS}, as $k_\mathrm{rot}$ controls $\tau_c^{(2)}$.In
\cref{fig:GGD_g2} we investigate $g^{(2)}(0)$ vs.$k_\mathrm{rot}$, which shows a constant trend, as
expected.We explain the deviation $g^{(2)}(0)\neq2$ by possible angular diversity of the input beam
since we could not fine-tune the distance of the focus lens due to experimental limitations.We can
exclude polarization and wavelength diversity, since the experimental outcome did not change by
using a polarizer before and after the \ac{GGD}.Moreover, for wavelength diversity to result in the
observed $\sqrt{2}$ reduction of $g^{(2)}(0)$, it takes $\Delta\lambda=\delta\lambda\sqrt{2}\approx
\SI{31}{\nm}$, which we did not observe from the linewidth of the \ac{CW} laser in the inset of
\cref{fig:GGD_krot_tauc_fit}.~ At $k_\mathrm{rot}$ = \SI{35}{\Hz} the deviating $g^{(2)}(0)\approx
1.32$ indicates the onset of thermalization of the light source, since according to
\cref{eq:GGD_krotadvanced} at this rotation rate, the first-order coherence time of the laser is
compensated for.\\
Our data from \cref{fig:GGD_curves} also exhibits an increasing shift of the peak center $\tau_0$
for lower rotation rates.