Apart from this, corrections can be made to also include Lorentzian- or Gaussian-shaped quantum
light and take into account partial loss of coherence as well
\cite{classen_incoherent_2017,ann_observation_2019,ferreira_connecting_2020} with the normalized
Mandel Q-parameter $\hat{Q}$ derived in \cref{sec:NormalizedMandelQ}.

\begin{equation}
\label{eq:siegert}
g^{(2)}(\tau)=1+\hat{Q}_0\Big[g^{(1)}(\tau)g^{(1)}(\tau)^{*}\Big]=1+\hat{Q}_0\Big|g^{(1)}(\tau)\Big|^2
\end{equation}

We deduce the first-order correlation function using Fourier transformation from the spectral shape
of the source via the Wiener-Khinchin theorem (\cref{sec:Khinchin}).


\subsection{Coherence}\label{sec:coherence}
Coherence is one of the toughest topics in modern optics lectures.Nevertheless, understanding
coherence is essential for many applications \cite{pieper_visualizing_2019}, such as the optical
coherence tomography \cite{tomlins_theory_2005} or correlation measurements with a \ac{HBT} setup
\cite{hanbury_brown_test_1956}.Only a few experiments have been suggested thus far with the purpose
to teach the basic concepts of spatial \cite{basano_simple_1996,jackson_subtleties_2018} or temporal
coherence \cite{millet_undergraduate_1971}.~Nevertheless, the effect of decreasing coherence is
omnipresent in all kinds of correlation experiments, as in this study.Thus coherence is a
fundamental concept in modern optics which should be taught properly.\\
Coherence expresses the ability of light to form interference patterns stationary in time and
extended over a spatial domain, only visible if the light has a sufficient degree of
coherence.Intensity interferometry, such as for single-molecule detection is strongly related to
interference patterns, as will be illustrated in \cref{sec:lineshapes}.Thus, coherence describes the
stability of light \cite{fox_quantum_2006} when propagating in space or time.
The spatial and temporal coherence of light is defined by spatial extent, the emitted central
wavelength and the spectral width of the light source.The concept is best to understand if either
spatial or temporal coherence is discussed.


\subsubsection{Spatial Coherence}\label{sec:spatial_coherence}
Spatial coherence is understandable by considering light emitted from a monochromatic source
(temporally coherent), but with a finite spatial extent.The finite sample size can be considered as
an ensemble of individual emitting centers that emit light at a different phase
(cf.\cref{fig:spatial_coherence}, considering three centers of emission).Summing up all
contributions causes a distribution of light in space where the phase is constant only within finite
spatial domains (white gaps), the coherence cell or speckle, but it varies from domain to domain.
In reality the spatially coherent areas fluctuate on a scale of the temporal coherence time $\tau_c$
which is in the $ps$-range and thus is hard to observe.However spatial coherence is observable for
long coherence times $\tau_c$, when using random phase modulation, as we will reveal in
\cref{sec:rpm} and use to characterize the coherence properties of the laser and the correlation
setup.
Spatial coherence is modeled via the van Cittert-Zernike theorem, describing the relation between
the spatial intensity distribution of an extended incoherent light source and the first-order
spatial correlation function $g^{(1)}(\boldsymbol{r}_1, \boldsymbol{r}_2)$
\cite{van_cittert_wahrscheinliche_1934,zernike_concept_1938}.\Cref{fig:cittert} exhibits a
homogeneous, quasi monochromatic and incoherent source with an intensity distribution in the red
domain.Whereas $g^{(1)}(\boldsymbol{r}_1, \boldsymbol{r}_2)$ cannot be measured directly, it can be
calculated via the Siegert relation (cf.\cref{eq:siegert} and \cref{eq:g2spatial1}) for incoherent
sources.In fact, the Fraunhofer diffraction pattern for a coherent source with the same geometry,
has the same functional form as $g^{(1)}(\boldsymbol{r}_1, \boldsymbol{r}_2)$.For a slit aperture,
$g^{(1)}(\boldsymbol{r}_1, \boldsymbol{r}_2)$ is described by a sinc function, whereas a uniform
quantum emitter (single-molecule) or excitation spot, modeled as a circular aperture, with diameter
a, causes an airy pattern in space.